---
title: "How to Find Tantric Symbiosis"
tags: ["tantra", "energy", "heart", "alchemy"]
date: "2025-12-2"
summary: "Exploration of sacred masculine/feminine dynamics."
---
(4,308 words 25,182 characters)
Preface We are all creating a unique and magical experience on earth. Simultaneously, we share a basic human foundation. All of us are hardwired with sacred masculine and feminine aspects. Unfortunately, social engineering, GMO foods, and electronic impulses are changing the way these aspects are being expressed. This unnatural evolution is causing more domestic violence, more divorce, and more general discontent among the masses. We are programmed to ignore our basic needs for intimacy and connection. As a collective, we are beginning to move away from healthy relationship models altogether. I picked up on this disturbing trend a long time ago and have conducted many years of research on causes and solutions to these problems. While traveling "down the rabbit hole," I not only unlocked my own sacred masculine framework, I was able to access some of the deepest spaces within the essence of femininity. This book explores some of my tantric experiences as well as step-by-step instructions on how to replicate my results. The powerful information in this book should only be applied with honorable intentions. Using the power of vortex creation requires a great deal of discipline and integrity. Never use tantra to manipulate someone into doing something they aren't ready for. If you feel like you can handle the responsibility that comes with advanced energy work, keep reading. Even though I believe in the existence of deities, spirits, angels, and other unseen entities, I have never felt the need to include them in my tantric practices. I have always felt an innate, transformative power within myself. My rationale for only dealing with living energy is simple; If I can interact with the sources of the energy I am collaborating with on a simple sensory level, I can trust the outcomes we manifest. I call my proprietary modality Intuitive Resonance. This means I intuitively connect with people and situations I resonate with. At its core, Intuitive Resonance involves a process of aggregating energy from multiple living human beings to intentionally create an energy vortex. I can tap into this reservoir of energy to enhance my ability to access the chakras of my tantra partners. Through years of research and the practice of various rituals, I was able to enhance the intensity of my aura. This makes me extremely attractive to women who want to explore the wonders of the seven tantra paths with me. The ultimate goal of my work is to achieve a state of Oneness with one of my partners. Our journey will be documented on the Akashic Record as a permanent knowledge base for those who seek true enlightenment and connection to Source. For now, let's explore my personal tantric journey. This is exactly how I became a chakra healer This chapter is for those of you who wish to streamline your path to tantric enlightenment without reading the entire book. I will take you from the moment I decided to elevate from a basic relaxation massage provider to a powerful chakra healer. I didn't plan any of this or force any of the steps to happen. Without my personal biases and fears getting in the way, everything flowed organically. These are the processes that elevated my vibration to the point women were intuitively seeking me out to experience my aura. This 6-month segment of my journey (tantric awakening) was the most invigorating period of my life. There were four major rites of passage that immediately preceded my first chakra experience: Shadow work. Transparency ritual. Past-life regression. Solo desert grounding.
 Shadow Work At the time my tantric awakening started, I had very little interest in dealing with women at all outside of the occasional casual sex hookup. All of my chakras were out of alignment, but I didn't understand at the time. My hands have always been skillful, but I was cold and distant when I was dealing with my massage clients. I knew I could do better, but I didn't know where to start. The first step was to find people who were already spiritually adept. I stumbled upon a Facebook group that focused on plant-based lifestyles. It was a fun space where everyone shared photos and details about their lives. There were a few women in the group who found my posts intriguing. They were my "de facto tantric muses." There were three of them, all from the east coast, and they were super dope. My first de facto tantric muse worked in the mental health field. She introduced me to shadow work. She challenged me to go back to my childhood to face any abuse issues, neglect, etc. I created private videos that gave details of my current energetic turmoil as well as past instances of molestation. I showed the videos to her and a few other ladies in the group. It was incredibly difficult but intensely therapeutic. She told me I needed to shift my intentions in order to truly heal women. I would need to move from being in an experience with a woman to giving the experience to a woman. This subtle adjustment in perspective has helped me deal with the sexual energy that is projected toward me. This is how I am able to spend two hours (or more) alone with a naked woman and not feel any sexual temptation. Shadow work is the foundation of discipline and self-awareness.
 Transparency ritual Another important aspect of tantric healing is being able to create an unrestricted connection with your conduits. This will require 100% transparency and being as vulnerable as possible. I quickly learned nakedness was a major part of building unconditional trust. My second de facto tantric muse guided me thru a ritual of sorts that I call the Transparency Ritual. She was part of a subgroup of people in the Facebook group who would meet in private video chat rooms. They would mainly have small talk but occasionally would take turns stripping in front of their webcams. She invited me to one of the naked chat sessions. Coincidentally, I was preparing to shave my body hair when the session began. I decided to ask the ladies for their opinions on my pubic hair length. They liked the look of my pubes and also made some comments about the rest of my body. The attention and energy felt good, so I shaved, showered, and got back on the video chat. This time there were more people on the chat. The ladies were daring all of the guys to strip. I was already naked from the shower so I went first. This motivated some of the other guys to join the show. The ladies were really into it until one of the guys started getting jealous of the attention I was receiving. His low vibes threw off the entire session but I still got what I needed. Afterward, one of the young ladies in the chat contacted me privately. She really enjoyed seeing me naked and wanted to get to know me better. She became my third de facto tantric muse.
 Past-life regression My time with my third de facto tantric muse was the most intense long-distance relationship I've ever experienced. I was able to discuss various issues with the local ladies as well as help her with her boyfriend issues. Our conversations helped me deal with the enormous amount of feminine energy I was receiving. We would have remote astral experiences over the phone and video chat. Eventually, my aura was so strong, she wasn't able to look at my face while we were connecting. As we continued bonding, we delved into some past-life regression exercises. Unfortunately, some of my realizations conflicted with her strongest belief systems. She cut off our relationship but the love is still there. The energy we conducted was exactly what I needed to handle the next phase of my journey. But I still needed some preliminary self-work. Solo desert grounding As I began allowing my tantric awakening to flow, many new opportunities fell into my hands. I was able to raise enough money to buy a small piece of land in Wittmann, AZ. It wasn't much, but it was a quiet place to practice meditating and connect with nature. While exploring the desert terrain, I began to notice lots of shiny, light-colored stones. After some research, I realized these are moonstones. These are the crystals that help regulate feminine energy. I accidentally had another huge breakthrough! By integrating the moonstones into my grounding sessions in the desert, I manifested enough money to rent a small office space. This is where I would attract my first tantra healing experience. Let's explore exactly where male/female attraction and symbiosis come from. Introducing Akashic Affinity As spiritual beings having a human experience, our deepest personal connections were formed before we were born. All of these connections are important in the ascension process to new levels of consciousness. Unfortunately, as we get older, we lose focus on these connections. We pick up bad habits and let distractions monopolize our time on earth. Eventually, the negativity and suffering can consume our entire lives. I'm sure you have met people who are constantly causing drama and spreading misery. Inevitably, these people will die with more karmic debt than they were born with. This perpetuates the cycle and leads to another incarnation that will begin filled with the same level of toxicity. How can this be prevented? In order to master the lessons of life and be able to manifest your optimal reality right now, you must first reduce your karmic debt load. This requires a well-crafted soul plan and the discipline to follow it. Some of us have a soul mature enough to handle this task by ourselves. Unfortunately, most people are so disconnected from their authentic selves, they don't even know where to begin the necessary work. This is where I come in with a proven solution. Using my years of shadow work and chakra activations, I am able to access special gifts from the spirit realm. I discovered a little-known aspect of our reality that I call Akashic Affinity. The more I tap into this powerful, ancient energy, the more I am able to harness its benefits. As of today, I have mainly used Akashic Affinity to perform advanced healing rituals and form deep bonds with my energy conduits. Using my optimized intention/intuition, I am able to help them manifest better careers, more fulfilling relationships, and overall peace of mind. These wonderful outcomes are impactful but require lots of inner work to maintain. Conduits who are serious about this work have the option to connect with me in an Akashic Relationship. After an initiation period, we agree to move thru this life and the next one together in harmony and unconditional love. In order to solidify our relationship, we must enter into a Soul Contract. A Soul Contract is an agreement between you and me written in the eternal Akashic Record. After you die, you will be able to access the Akashic Record and resume our relationship in a different time and space. Instead of suffering through heartbreaks, illnesses, and anxiety, your next life will be filled with abundance and the warmth of loving support. Your soul will be much more mature, and you will be able to enjoy your future incarnations more and more each time you are born! Bringing real love into the world with you makes your life's journey much easier than having to discover and rediscover it over and over again. Think of Akashic Affinity as a "cheat code' for manifesting everything you desire. All it requires is trust in my guidance and the will to stay on the journey. The universal order of our existence will take care of the rest. My Introduction to Akashic Affinity The first time I activated a woman's chakra was by accident. I met a young lady on a dating app who was moving to Phoenix. She said she wanted to buy a massage session as soon as she arrived in town. She wanted to support my business and had respect for my hustling spirit. (It REALLY turns me on when a woman understands my work ethic.) She also expressed a desire to have a friendship outside of paying for my services. I usually avoid mixing business with pleasure, but her vibe had my attention. We agreed on a discounted rate and met at my private relaxation studio. She got naked on the table and told me how her body needed to be touched. While I caressed her supple, tatted body, I could tell she was really into it. Afterward, we kept in contact with daily text messages. We mainly discussed our dating lives and the dating game in general. I told her about my ‘situationships’ and one of my biggest problems. Business was slow because I had little money and a tiny support system. It was difficult for me to find models for my massage promo videos. She immediately said, "I would never get naked on camera!" We laughed it off and she paid me for another massage. During this massage, she was more vocal with her requests. She told me to explore her body for my own pleasure. She softly said, "I want you to enjoy this as much as I do." This was a huge shock to me. None of my previous clients were so forward. I started to rub her breasts more than usual and it wasn't enough. She told me to suck her nipples. I happily followed her command. After the massage, our dynamic changed and intensified. She became more drawn to me and changed her mind about starring in a video. Instead of paying for the next massage, we agreed to barter a massage for the video shoot. The first video was a floor massage that was kind of awkward. It was mainly my fault. I was too worried about getting the best angles and lighting. The second video was much better and more intense. This time, we sat on the massage table facing each other. Our bodies became a conglomeration of hot, tangled, passion. I instinctively did things to her body that made her react with joyful arousal. It was obvious. Something major had happened between us. Afterward, I couldn't stop thinking about her. It was really weird. I had various types of encounters with all sorts of women, but this was different. The scenario felt like my ninth-grade crush. It was great but confusing. I mentioned the situation to one of my healer friends. She informed me that I had activated this woman's heart chakra. I had heard of chakras, but I didn't know much about them at the time. I spent a few weeks researching energy and ways to work with it. To my surprise, I was unknowingly using ancient techniques in many of my massage methods! This was an incredible breakthrough for me. My healing powers had been confirmed in real life. Unfortunately, I liked my client so much that I also opened my own heart chakra as well. This was NOT good for business. I had to create a space for the chakra work separate from the basic massage sessions. My entire life changed once I began practicing my form of tantra on the local women of Phoenix. Eventually, I learned how to control my emotions and personal desires. This enabled me to focus all of my intention on the needs of my clients. One year later, this amazing lady and I still occasionally text each other back and forth. We haven't seen each other in a long time, but there is still a strong bond between us. Hopefully, in the near future, we will be able to go deeper into the pleasures of this life. Or, maybe we'll have to wait until the next one. To be continued... Levels of Engagement Every week, women from all over the world find me. Most are intrigued by the concepts and imagery featured in my content. Some want to buy merchandise, book a session, or contribute to my mission in other ways. A small percentage want to start a personal relationship with me. Unfortunately, about 90% of these offers for personal relationships are clandestine offers for casual sex and/or drama. I consider the remaining 10% micro-population of women my Tribe. This is who I spend most of my time and attention on. These women truly understand my motives and ministry. They don't play games or try to get free services from me. We are connected and the bond is reciprocal. Ultimately, each woman decides how deeply she wants to bond with me.
 The Conduit Most women just want to pick my brain or engage in some small talk. Sometimes, they may even want to support my ministry by buying something from my website. I call them my Conduits. We exchange energy, wisdom, accountability, and more. It's like a really cool friendship with no expectations, pressure, or games. The Initiate Women who want to manifest massive transformation in their lives must proceed thru various rites of passage. These Initiation rituals allow the Conduit the chance to experience all of my spiritual gifts without making any long-term commitments. Once you have been initiated into higher levels of consciousness, knowledge, pleasure, wisdom, or alchemy, your life will never be the same. The vortex we create will keep you from backsliding into the mundanity (insanity) you have been trying to escape.
 The Akashic Relationship One of the biggest challenges I face is dealing with boundaries. Each woman has unique needs and intentions. Unfortunately, some women need more than I can possibly provide. This leads to disappointment and a lowering of our vibration. I had to quickly find a solution. After some past life regression work, I dissected the situation. I discovered connections to several of the Initiates in a previous incarnation. We had entered into a soul contract and now are meeting in modern times. The Akashic Relationship involves getting to know each other on the deepest mental, physical, emotional, and spiritual levels. Thru various bonding rituals, we will write a new soul contract on the eternal Akashic Record. Once we have connected on the Akashic level, we will begin to experience true unconditional love. All jealousy, insecurity, and indecisiveness will disappear. This enhanced state of being will follow you throughout your journeys. Think of it as a cheat code for the afterlife. Life in the Vortex The Vortex is a closed circuit on the astral plane. We are using it to reach TOTALITY. The Vortex is created and sustained by my continual energy work on members of our soul tribe. When we are in perfect alignment, we can leave our bodies and have intense spiritual experiences. These encounters bring us together on a level much deeper than a basic friendship. It can be just as satisfying and addictive as physical sex but there is no actual sexual stimulation, drama, risk of STDs, etc. Here is how we are able to conduct so much powerful energy: Shadow work. You must face your deepest fears and find their root cause.   Past life work. You must explore your strongest affinities to find where you come from.   Chakra work. You must continually work to keep your energy centers balanced and grounded.   Akashic work. You must go all the way to the Akashic Record with me to explore our potential for Akashic Affinity. There are no shortcuts or hacks. You must be willing to do the work in order to have the experience and make the connection. Most women are far too impatient to have a relationship with me. They are usually curious about sex magic and just want to sample it. Or they buy a few chakra sessions and think their problems will disappear forever. Unfortunately, that's not how it works. A deep spiritual relationship with me is similar to a dating relationship. You will need to put your time and intention into getting to know me. This connection with me will replace the drama, jealousy, bitterness, abuse, and abandonment you have encountered in previous relationships. The Importance of Rites of Passage for Today’s Woman The Articulated Design that we call 'reality', has been created to keep us all disconnected from each other and our authentic selves. This is being played out on many levels, but let's address the ladies first. Our society has given women two main metrics of success in life: 1. How well you raise your family. 2. How well you handle your career. Unfortunately, this has left many women feeling empty and disconnected from their own unique identity and purpose. Self-care has been replaced with side hustles. Body image has been replaced with filters. Validation has been replaced with social media 'likes'. Constant, meaningless interactions with devices are turning life into a desolate landscape filled with toxic imagery. This thick layer of superficial fluff turns everything into a struggle. Luckily, I have several solutions which have been proven effective. One of the most beneficial aspects of connecting with me is being able to enjoy the process of spiritual expansion. Most women are so busy with daily life, they lose respect for the actual journey of life itself. By allowing me access to your energetic fields, you will be more present and engaged while performing your daily tasks. You will be magically reacquainted with your authentic self. This can be a challenge if you have been dealing with toxic personal relationships, stress at work, and poor eating habits. As you become more comfortable with the real YOU, I will guide you to the next stage of our relationship and your evolution. No two women have the same needs and I create a new game plan for each of my clients. As you successfully move thru the rights of passage I create for you, more amazing things will manifest in your life. You will gain more clarity and discernment. Boredom and shiftlessness will continually dissipate from your life. Your entire being will be upgraded, refreshed, and restarted. What does my plan for you provide? More Accountability Most of my clients appreciate my raw approach to the spiritual lifestyle. I will tactfully point out your problem areas and provide actionable solutions. More Focus I will consistently work on your chakras to keep blockages from reforming. This will help you stay focused on your goals. More Financial Freedom Real energy work isn't cheap. I have helped my clients upgrade their jobs, create businesses, and find financially stable partners. A lack of money should never be an excuse to neglect your spiritual well-being. More Trust. Once you are truly connected to me on a deep spiritual level, you will have 100% trust in my intentions. This will help you create templates for future interactions with men. You will be able to tap into your templates to know which men and situations to avoid while trusting the men who are vibrating in your frequency zone. You are in total control of the benefits you receive from our relationship. You will also determine how long you wish to stay directly connected to me. I won't ever impose limitations on your growth. All I will do is help facilitate the process. The defining purpose of our tribal rituals is to facilitate an unbreakable bond between the sacred masculine and feminine aspects. Our minds shouldn't wander, and we shouldn't tease or seduce each other. We should be focusing on each other's energetic fields instead of physical body parts. Once we are both fully energetically aligned, we won't feel sexual urges or arousal. This is why our intentions must be mutual and taken seriously. Our nakedness will only be a tool to solidify our connectedness. Each rite of passage takes us deeper into our relationship. After we have both learned the nuances of our sacred beings, we will be ready to move further into the tribal paradigm. Full circuit tantra, sex magic rituals, yoni vortex, and sex on the astral plane await the most disciplined initiate. Conclusion Thank you for reading my book. The goal of this piece is to provide an objective look into the world of tantra exploration. Dealing with sacred polarities, sexualities, and dualities can be overwhelming. I suggest experimenting with various forms of touch without judging the perceived outcome. Here is a little secret I discovered while exploring the depths of the female being: WOMEN CRAVE FEMININE ENERGY FROM MEN!!! During a tantra session, the majority of energy will be expressed in a nurturing/immersive manner. The masculine aspect will seek to influence the feminine aspect. The feminine aspect will either submit to the force or she will fight it. Submission will bring healing and the potential to create a vortex. Fighting will simply keep all of the energy in the lower chakras and make the session less spiritual and much more physical. I've noticed some women bring out certain primal animalistic behaviors in me. This is fine, but if I become too physically forceful with the woman, she will only submit on a physical level. I finally realized the key to putting a woman in the proper astral perspective. The vortex is actually created when I express more of my inner feminine aspect. This intuitive feminine-to-feminine connection is the secret of my tantric success. Thru 1,000s of hours of meditation, yoga, and astral travel, I have become completely comfortable expressing masculine and feminine properties on the deepest levels. This is where the power to manifest ANYTHING comes from. I have this power, and I use it with discernment and diligence. I am at the stage in my journey where my aura, intentions, and physical prowess have aligned through divine symbiosis. My tantric lifestyle practices have created this reality for me and my tribe. Now it’s time to move into the next phase of connection and exploration. ————————————-
